hey guys so in the last video I showed
you guys how to get Beach nails today
I'm going to show you another technique
so first I'm just going to start off by
dry brushing my gel this basically just
means that I have a very small amount of
product on my brush and I'm really
pressing hard just to work it into the
nail and I'm also using two different
colors after i cure it then I'm going to
apply a clear gel and this is the same
one that she saw me use in the first
Beach nails video and really this is all
optional you can completely omit this
step and do it one flat color or nothing
at all so meanwhile you want to make a
transparent white so to do that you just
want to take your white gel and mix that
with either a clear base or a top gel
but don't care just yet next taking the
liner brush you're going to dip that
into your clear base or top gel and now
drop it onto the nail thus the droplet
technique and FY you can do this with a
dotting tool but you want to make sure
that you don't actually touch the
surface of the nail with a dotting tool
because it will leave a mark so that's
why I prefer the liner brush and with
the brush you can control the shape you
don't actually just have to make circles
so really this technique isn't exclusive
to making water effects you can do any
type of design you want now you'll also
notice that sometimes when I'm working
in an area I'll actually move to a
different spot that's just to give those
drops times to expand and spread so that
I know where I actually need to fill in
the more product on your brush the
bigger the circle and vice versa
so once you're happy with the look you
can go ahead and cure and again I want
to add some 3d elements so I'm going to
take a soak off builder gel and use that
to adhere these crushed shells these are
pretty heavy and they're also not the
finished product that you should put on
your nails so I'm going to apply these
and then I'm going to go back in with
more of that gel after curing the first
layer of course and I'm just going to
basically encapsulate those so taking a
generous amount of gel I'm going to
apply this to the top of the nail and
then I'm basically just making very
small contact with the gel so that I can
float it over the cuticle area sweeping
it from side to side just to apply it to
the nail and then I actually go in and
smooth it down over the entire nail
plate so now the nail is completely even
and flush so there's a smooth shine
across the surface and if I touch it
it's not going to snag so after you've
cured that layer of course you then want
to apply a top gel and then you're done
so I hope you guys enjoyed that video if
you guys decide to recreate it don't
forget to tag me on instagram and
twitter
I loved seeing you guys your creations
and make sure that you subscribe if you
aren't already because I have a couple
of videos coming up that I think you
guys you're going to want to see like
how to do a gel manicure using your
regular nail polish and if you don't use
gel and want to know how to keep your
stones on that's coming up too